In this class we will learn about Introdution-to-Several-Important-server-of-Compiler-EDE:

1)
#Introduction_to_Microsoft_Visual Studio:
Microsoft Visual Studio is an integrated development environment (IDE) from Microsoft. It is used to develop computer programs for Microsoft Windows, as well as web sites, web applications and web services. Visual Studio uses Microsoft software development platforms such as Windows API, Windows Forms, Windows Presentation Foundation, Windows Store and Microsoft Silverlight. It can produce both native code and managed code.
2)
C# (C Sharp) (programming language):
C# (pronounced as see sharp) is a multi-paradigm programming language encompassing strong typing, imperative, declarative, functional, generic, object-oriented (class-based), and component-oriented programming disciplines. It was developed by Microsoft within its .NET initiative and later approved as a standard by Ecma (ECMA-334) and ISO (ISO/IEC 23270:2006). 
C# is a general-purpose, object-oriented programming language. Its development team is led by Anders Hejlsberg. 
3)
#Introduction_to_Microsoft_SQL_Server_Management_Studio:
SQL Server Management Studio (SSMS) is a software application first launched with Microsoft SQL Server 2005 that is used for configuring, managing, and administering all components within Microsoft SQL Server.The tool includes both script editors and graphical tools which work with objects and features of the server.
4)
#Introduction_to_Microsoft_SQL_Server:
Microsoft SQL Server is a relational database management system developed by Microsoft. As a database server, it is a software product with the primary function of storing and retrieving data as requested by other software applications—which may run either on the same computer or on another computer across a network (including the Internet).
Microsoft markets at least a dozen different editions of Microsoft SQL Server, aimed at different audiences and for workloads ranging from small single-machine applications to large Internet-facing applications with many concurrent users.
5)
#Introduction_to_ADO.NET:
ADO.NET is a data access technology from the Microsoft .NET Framework which provides communication between relational and non-relational systems through a common set of components. ADO.NET is a set of computer software components that programmers can use to access data and data services from the database. It is a part of the base class library that is included with the Microsoft .NET Framework. It is commonly used by programmers to access and modify data stored in relational database systems, though it can also access data in non-relational sources. ADO.NET is sometimes considered an evolution of ActiveX Data Objects (ADO) technology, but was changed so extensively that it can be considered an entirely new product.
6)
#ASP.Net (Active Server Page)
ASP.NET is a Web application framework developed by Microsoft to build dynamic data driven Web applications and Web services. 
1. ASP.NET is a subset of .NET framework. In simple terms a framework is a collection of classes.
2. ASP.NET is the successor to classic ASP (Active Server Pages).
